profile/README.md, before:

## 🙋‍♀️ What is [Uhstray.io](https://www.uhstray.io/)?

Uhstray.io, LLC | Worker Owned | Not For Profit is organized for educational and scientific purposes.

Our goal is to **To provide education, intelligence, and autonomy to everyone and every home.**

## Who does this help?
- Anyone who is seeking to learn how to be independent and develop skills to establish their own IT footprint in an ever growing digital age.
- Students and Learners who want to educate themselves about Information Technology, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning systems.
- Individuals who want to start-up their own Information technology companies using our knowledge and resources.
- Existing companies who want to use the best practices and research we develop.

## What value will we create?
- We will create new research and documentation on technologies in our targeted industries.
- We will develop open-source software to further our organizational principles.
- We will compete in machine learning and artificial intelligence competitions.
- We will create educational programs and internships for students entering the industry.

## Our Focus
| Data Privacy Rights and Ownership | Anti-Competitive Business Practices | Increasing Demand in Education and School Systems | Increasing Demand in the IT Industry |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| Our goal is to educate individuals to own their own cloud and IT footprint. Encouraging and enabling security best practices to prevent individuals from losing their digital assets. | By supporting open platforms and creating business that have data driven practices at their core, we can create sustainable and equitable ecosystems that give fair attribution to individuals contribution to efforts and company projects. | In developing education platforms to serve the goals and platforms that will make the technologies of the future, we hope to embed those technologies into educational institutions for zero cost so students can learn on technology that represents state-of-the-art trends. | By enabling the other tenants of our value proposition, we take a 3 pronged approached to creating stability and scale for the IT industry. |

## 👩‍💻 Useful resources -  Resources
- [See docs from our latest work](https://www.uhstray.io/en/docs)
- [Check out our projects](https://www.uhstray.io/en/projects)
- [See our community resources](https://www.uhstray.io/en/community)

## 🌈 Contribution guidelines
- (WIP)

### Platform Design Principles

| No. | Principle | Reasoning |
|-|-----------|-----------|
|1.| Develop every system *"as-code"*. | The process of managing and provisioning computing infrastructure and their configuration through machine-processable definition files, rather than physical hardware configuration or the use of interactive configuration tools. |
|2.| Use open-source and free systems first. | We are a community of developers and engineers. We should use open-source and free systems first. |
|3.| Deploy via kubernetes and containerized frameworks if possible. | Deploying via kubernetes and containerized frameworks allows us to deploy and manage systems in a scalable and repeatable way. |
|4.| Applications and platforms should be a simple as possible.  | This allows us to focus on the core functionality of the application or platform, while staying agile and flexible as possible. |
|5.| All deployments should be version or release controlled. | This allows us to track and manage changes to our systems. |
|6.| Track and document work using agile processes. | Having reproducible and repeatable processes allows us to teach and learn from each other. |
|7.| Use a single source of truth for all documentation. | It's easier to find and add documentation when it's all in one place. |
|8.| Platforms should be resilient and fault tolerant. | We don't want to have to worry about our systems going down. Having resilient and fault tolerant systems allows us to focus on what matters instead of fixing production issues. |
|9.| Systems should use DevSecOps design principles. | It's becoming more and more important to have security baked into our systems. |
|10.| Systems should be easy to contribute to. | We are a community of developers and engineers. We should make it easy for people to contribute to our systems. |

Commit message:

added contributing guidelines and code of conduct to profile

profile/README.md, after:

## 🙋‍♀️ What is [Uhstray.io](https://www.uhstray.io/)?

Uhstray.io, LLC | Worker Owned | Not For Profit is organized for development, educational, and scientific purposes.

Our goal is to **To provide education, intelligence, and autonomy to everyone and every home.**

Our mission: Enable everyone to own their own IT data & hardware to create open-source products, services, and programs.

## Who does this help?
- Anyone who is seeking to learn how to be independent and develop skills to establish their own IT footprint in an ever growing digital age.
- Students and Learners who want to educate themselves about Information Technology, Artificial Intelligence, and Machine Learning systems.
- Individuals who want to start-up their own Information technology companies using our knowledge and resources.
- Existing companies who want to use the best practices and research we develop.

## What value will we create?
- We will create new research and documentation on technologies in our targeted industries.
- We will develop open-source software to further our organizational principles.
- We will compete in machine learning and artificial intelligence competitions.
- We will create educational programs and internships for students entering the industry.

## Our Focus
| Data Privacy Rights and Ownership | Anti-Competitive Business Practices | Increasing Demand in Education and School Systems | Increasing Demand in the IT Industry |
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
| Our goal is to educate individuals to own their own cloud and IT footprint. Encouraging and enabling security best practices to prevent individuals from losing their digital assets. | By supporting open platforms and creating business that have data driven practices at their core, we can create sustainable and equitable ecosystems that give fair attribution to individuals contribution to efforts and company projects. | In developing education platforms to serve the goals and platforms that will make the technologies of the future, we hope to embed those technologies into educational institutions for zero cost so students can learn on technology that represents state-of-the-art trends. | By enabling the other tenants of our value proposition, we take a 3 pronged approached to creating stability and scale for the IT industry. |

## 👩‍💻 Useful resources -  Resources
- [See docs from our latest work](https://www.uhstray.io/docs)
- [Check out our projects](https://www.uhstray.io/projects)
- [See our community resources](https://www.uhstray.io/community)
- [Understand our Organizations approach and Philoshopy](https://www.uhstray.io/our-philosophy)

## 🌈 Contribution guidelines
- [Read our Code of Conduct before getting started.](https://www.uhstray.io/code-of-conduct)
- [Learn how to Contribute to our projects!](https://www.uhstray.io/contributing)

### Platform Design Principles

| No. | Principle | Reasoning |
|-|-----------|-----------|
|1.| Develop every system *"as-code"*. | The process of managing and provisioning computing infrastructure and their configuration through machine-processable definition files, rather than physical hardware configuration or the use of interactive configuration tools. |
|2.| Use open-source and free systems first. | We are a community of developers and engineers. We should use open-source and free systems first. |
|3.| Deploy via kubernetes and containerized frameworks if possible. | Deploying via kubernetes and containerized frameworks allows us to deploy and manage systems in a scalable and repeatable way. |
|4.| Applications and platforms should be a simple as possible.  | This allows us to focus on the core functionality of the application or platform, while staying agile and flexible as possible. |
|5.| All deployments should be version or release controlled. | This allows us to track and manage changes to our systems. |
|6.| Track and document work using agile processes. | Having reproducible and repeatable processes allows us to teach and learn from each other. |
|7.| Use a single source of truth for all documentation. | It's easier to find and add documentation when it's all in one place. |
|8.| Platforms should be resilient and fault tolerant. | We don't want to have to worry about our systems going down. Having resilient and fault tolerant systems allows us to focus on what matters instead of fixing production issues. |
|9.| Systems should use DevSecOps design principles. | It's becoming more and more important to have security baked into our systems. |
|10.| Systems should be easy to contribute to. | We are a community of developers and engineers. We should make it easy for people to contribute to our systems. |
